Welcome back to exercise six.
Hopefully, you had a great
time working through that.
Let's work through this together.
So pretty much as soon as
you show up on this page,
we're going to get this
modal that comes up.
Again, I mentioned this
is already built for you.
And it has this handy little feature where
if the user is actually using the app,
the model doesn't show up.
It only shows up when the user
stops navigating around,
stops performing mutations all that stuff.
And then it says, hey, kind of want
you to get out of here I guess.
So this code is inside
of this logout timer.
Feel free to peruse how all
of this stuff works, but
it's really not anything
crazy complicated.
Also it only renders when
there's a user logged in.
So if the user ever logs out,
then we're not rendering the LogoutTimer.
It doesn't.
The logged out user isn't
gonna get the modal.
Okay, so for what our job is,
is we want to have
a submit hook that will trigger a logout.
And we are going to use that in this
logout function which is then used when
the timer times out and all of that stuff,
all the React things that we're
not gonna be covering today.
So, let's add that submit hook
let's say submit useSubmit.
And then I just shorten the time for
you so it shows up quicker so
we can skip over that and
now when it's time to log out,
we're going to use this submit hook or
the submit function to submit.
Actually, you typically don't need
to submit anything when you're just
logging out.
But for us our logout has this fancy
little feature where if you provide
a redirect to that will go into the URL
and that tells the login form that when
they've logged in, they're gonna redirect
to whatever that redirect to is set to.
And so for us,
we want to redirect to where we came from.
And so we're gonna say redirect.
RedirectTo is location.pathname.
So wherever we're at currently, that's
where I want this to come back to, so
that the user can log back in and
just pick up where they left off.
The other thing that we wanna make sure
that we do is specify the action as logout
otherwise, this will submit to
the current URL we don't want to do that.
We're actually trying to send
them somewhere ultimately,
they'll end up at login.
But we're sending them
over to the logout route.
And then the logout route will
redirect them to the login.
And then we also want
to post to the logout.
And the reason this is
actually important web stuff.
The reason that you post to a logout, and
you normally only do mutations on post
requests is because otherwise you
open up your users to cross or
what is it called CSRF
cross site request forgery.
Where the malicious actor
can trigger a get request
on your server using
that user's browser and
without the user interacting
with that at all.
So we're gonna use a method of which
effectively would mean they could log
users out of your site without
their express permission but
could be even more malicious.
So you typically want to do
mutation type things on postponing.
Okay, great.
So then we have Dan, fill that in for us.
And we should be all set.
So we come back in here,
they're gonna refresh just to make
sure modal pops up, and we log out.
And then if I go login, cody@remix.run.
Cody loves you.
And here we are.
And then yeah, I want to remain
logged in or I wanna log out, cool?
And then of course, you wouldn't
typically have it be this long,
so, we've got it set to 24 hours,
it's probably a little much, right?
Maybe 30 minutes, might be better, but
yeah, that's all going to
be your PMS decision so.
[LAUGH]